-Open a command line and run ( pip install gspread oauth2client requests apscheduler)
-Get cookies as i showed you then open Cookies.py and paste the data there
-Open token.json copy client_email and go to the google sheet click share and paste the client_email there
-Open config.json and change domainsInfoSheet value to the name of the google sheet you have
-Open domains.json and change the order of the domains or add or delete any domain
-open a command line in this folder and run (python createSheet.py) or (python3 createSheet.py)
-Open clock.py and change the interval @sched.scheduled_job('interval', minutes=100) you can change number of minutes try to make it big

RUN PROGRAM
-To make the program running enter python clock.py or python3 clock.py it will update keywords and other data automatically
-If you want update the keywords right now enter python UpdateKeywords.py
-If you want update the Domains right now enter python UpdateDomains.py

Where the command for autologin?
to get new cookies?
Yes
just python login.py
Thats all?
youI  can see last update
iCto ome
it Coom€ans
Okay now lets update the data
This right? UpdateDomains.py
yes

wait put python before it
OH okay
Awesome!
and also be careful with the sheet format foe example here the first domain will not update because it is on row 2 and the program doesn' change the row two because it's for name the comlumns 
i see. The header are missing
yes and also never remove the domain and it should be clean and in the domains.json
Okay one more thing. This we need in following format 
Oh i missed the image
We need to get CURRENT data on the left instead of right
Previously was on the right
We need it in following order
CURRENT 1 WEEK AGO 2 WEEK AGO but this is the current format 
i can change it too
Cool
Lets do this
idk why sometimes i cant control your screen
Its teamvewer issue i think
what's the current format.
i mean the current format is it two weeks ago then one the current?
I think its fine
Hold on Im making it obvious for you
okay okay iknow now
Let me fill in the header 
Hold on
I cant remember these
Is this Oeganic traffic? 
then Organic pages and Referring domains?
yes but i know what you are going to do next let's consider you filled them 
Looks good
Now you can verify that those data are in correct position
Anyway its on sheet1 now?
just move the data to sheet 2
I mean .. 
Lets run it again 
Now I will run the scrpit again
we expect it will fill data on sheet2
wait 

#####
run python createSheet.py before running update
Okay
I think you missed ) on that last edit
oh yes thank you
Hehe
Lets try it now
wait dont copy that i just told you heres what to copy
and also do you remember what i told you wbout create sheet how to edit the code and choose the part you want create sheet?
I forget lot of stuff ;d
I got load of work to do so yeah I dont remember much
But i will figure out later
it's simple look
do you remember this part?

####

when to add # before creatKeywords and beforecreateDom..
Oh .. Godo you tell me
I know that
Anyway, we dont need to use this folder again?
yes delet it
Oh okay

I gotta mark the important part 
Okay I will run it now
Its good to go now?
yes veryy good
Haha
wait you can click on createsheet two times
ojh its' not linux just run it normally i will tell if there is something will make it easy
Okay
oh look the name of the cheet has changed 
try two clicks now
thats' because all files are linked i will add a section in config.json where you can put the name of the sheet so you will not face something like that
I see. Its currenlty on the 2 files. need to renamed in correct name as its case sensitive
yes try two click now
Looks good now
try update
two click on update domains
okay looks good
Cool yeah
Lets do final check make sure all data are corre
wait
If I login now the data pulling could be stopped then?
i think so try it but i i have to go now 
Alright all good for now
I will check and hit you later
Thanks okayf or h
elping out !

your welcome do i hhave to send you an offer on fiverr for update?
Yes . Also with that additional time update on the right column
okay please send me the folder of login "mohsine login" so i will update it 
Whats that?
this folder
Oh okay
you can remove ahref creds from ahref creds
Its fine
okay send to me in the futre we can setup it to github so you will not send it manually if you want me to keep adding changes
Sounds a good idea!
yeah 
Okay you may go now
I will yesend you on whatsapp
yes
